You're about to learn the tragic fate of the Oak Point High Lacrosse team, but this podcast won't cash in on their specific and particularly gruesome group decapitation.
Too bad. Someone else will.
It's a big market, man.
Morty, don't just respond. Find a podcast without scruples.
CryoShip detected.
Ooh, power's still online?
What do you think, Morty? A bunch of sleeping beauties? Want to go tap on some glass?
That could be fun. We haven't done one of those in a while.
Welcome to Blood Bath, the podcast that's only grisly details.
No, we're talking.
Holy shit. Look at this place. Damn, Morty.
Ain't just your run-of-the-mill archship. This thing is gold-plated.
Wow. Where do you think they're going?
Looks like these guys flung themselves into space after wrecking their homeworld.
This'll be like taking candy from a baby if that baby was in a coma.
Oh, we're robbing them?
Morty, what did I just say about scruples?
Whoa, mama. You see this, Morty? This thing is fancy.
Pewter said it's got super rare hyper-coal inside.
The planet they left must be a husk, Morty.
Access denied.
Alright, on second thought, let's just blow a hole in the ship and drag the vault home.
What?
Come in with these charges. This'll be quick. They got fast countdowns.
Rick, I'm fine with taking candy from a baby, but I draw the line at blowing up the stroller.
What the hell, Morty? We're not literally robbing babies.
Goddamn it, Morty. Look what you did. They're counting down even faster.
The pilot is detected. In working seat, cryo wake.
Come in second, third, and seventh.
You little shit! You woke him up!
I'm good! Let's get out of here!
Fuck you! I'm not leaving without that hyper-coal.
Now go find that other pod with a dead guy in it.
Hey!
It's a Bay 18.
Oh, what dead guy?
Just get in the pod with the bows.
Or don't. They get thrown out of airlock.
You did this to yourself, Morty.
Everything that happens after this is your fault.
You're gonna wish you were one of those Oak Point kids after I get through with you.
I'm going. I'm going.
So you run away from me. I've got 40.
Yell at you, Morty. Morty!
Cryo, wait in...
Ch-ch-ch-chip!
Three, two...
Oh boy!
Talk about a cryo cricking the neck.
Hope my shavon still works.
Ha ha ha!
Cryo, wait in...
Ch-ch-chip!
Three, two...
Oh, boy.
Talk about a cryo cricking the neck.
Hope my shavon still works.
Ha ha ha ha!
What's a shavon?
Jimmy?
Oh my God! Jimmy!
Is that you?
Um, no.
It's our boy, honey.
He's got the family bald spot.
Doctor! Doctor, please!
Ah, Karen, how can I... Oh, my God!
The pod, there must have been some kind of malfunction.
Son, are you in there? What do you remember?
Uh, last thing I remember was being 13... 11.
It must be the pituitary governor on his pod.
While we were in stasis, Jimmy kept growing at an accelerated rate.
Will he be okay?
Short answer, no. Long answer, nope.
Doctor!
I went to school for medicine, not manners.
Look at him. Grace skin, necrotic breath, jaundiced eyes.
I give him a weak tops.
Er, poor child!
We're gonna use whatever time we have left of me.
Things are right.
Should I get him some clothes?
His penis is big now.
Ugh, I wish that pod had a snooze button.
All right, makies. Let's get to work.
Um, aren't we all like super rich?
Ha ha ha!
Only thing rich down here is that joke.
Chachaco, you're on toilet duty.
Okay, I'm not supposed to be here.
My, my, my grandpa's a scientist.
I just jumped in this pod because...
What?
Medbay got another compliance chip on the fritz.
Why do I have to, ma?
I should be driving this ship!
Oh, ha ha, joking again.
I'm definitely the thing you guys are ready to clean.
Jimmy, there you are.
We've been looking for you.
Are you trying to open the vault?
I thought maybe you were stuck in there.
I'm just a kid and, uh, dumb.
That's all right, sweetie.
Money affords us the ability to be dumb.
Son, it's important to us that you're recognized as a man
in the eyes of God before you die, which feels soon.
So, tomorrow night we're holding your constellation celebration.
Pretty sure God already made me a man, like, very rapidly.
But he didn't make you a citizen.
This will.
And once you join our society,
you'll get access to our knowledge, our history.
Our hyper-cool?
Well, sure.
You'd get a key to the vault like every citizen.
You see, son, we're very, very rich.
Wow, okay, yeah.
Well, let's, uh, let's constellation this up.
I'm in.
Oh, that's the spirit.
Come on, son.
Let's get you a big lollipop and dress you like a little sailor.
Oh, how much shit is there?
They've only been awake for five hours.
Grub time, Chichaco.
Hurry, we only got eight minutes.
Great.
Man, cryo sleep, huh?
Guess I forgot how bad the food was.
Yeah, wish I could forget.
Tastes like lumpy piss.
Ah!
Which I love.
Love piss.
Look at me eat it up.
This rule, it's got energy, lumps,
all the things a makey needs.
Um, why do we call ourselves that again?
Wow, cryo really took it out of you, huh?
They gave us that term,
because we make it all possible.
Hey, if we're makies, maybe that makes them takies.
Did you not just get comply-o-shocked?
Oh, yeah, you learned to take the pain.
Whoa.
Badass.
Chichaco's hard, core.
Rick, where the hell have you been?
Morty, great news.
It's all going as planned.
We didn't have a plan.
You do now.
These people, Morty, they're golden retrievers.
No natural predators, totally softened by generational wealth.
Tomorrow they're throwing me some kind of becoming a man thing
and just giving me a hyper-cold.
Who cares? Get me out of here.
I'm literally scooping shit by hand.
Good. You made your bed, lay in it.
Give me the car keys.
No, we're not leaving.
Yes, we are, you crazy shit.
Damn, Chichaco's giving that old rich kid a piece of his mind.
Get them to me, you pinky scum.
Hey, leave us, son-alone.
This son sucks.
Chichaco, are you crazy?
Get back here.
We'll be speaking to your manager.
No, no, it's fine. Just jealous poor people.
I'm grateful monsters.
Impatient too.
Holy shit, are you crazy?
We're all going to get it now.
What the hell got into you, Chichaco?
He's an asshole.
Okay, seriously. How are you not getting zapped?
Ow, hey.
Something's up with his chip.
He don't got one.
Oh, chip?
No chip?
I took it out.
They said taking the chips out would kill us.
Chichaco, he's living proof. It won't.
We always...
Stop!
Chichaco killed Tibbs.
Should we tell someone?
Listen, I'm not who you...
Chichaco, you're an idiot.
And a goddamn hero.
Thanks.
Tell the makies to gather.
It's time to show the takies who really runs this ship.
And after you finish sipping from the final chalice,
the sacred light will shine down upon you.
You've grown so much.
We are so proud of you.
Jimmy, I used to dread giving this to you.
It's the most precious thing in our family.
And frankly, you were a brat.
But there's nothing like a flute cryopod accident
to show you what really matters.
It's your father's constellation suit
from his father and his father before him.
Oh, that's not necessary.
I'm still a brat.
I'm just glad we're getting to do this.
We love you, son.
We love you.
Yeah, love you guys too.
You've never said that before, honey.
He loves us.
I'm so glad you said it before you die of old age, my boy.
Oh, Jimmy.
Fresh planet, fresh start.
We have a slogan now?
Catchy, huh?
Tim's is looking for you.
Great cover, by the way.
I didn't like nothings happening.
General Turchako!
General!
Fresh planet, fresh start!
You taught us the only way to beat those rich bastards
is to actually beat them.
Check out this.
It's a bang bang.
To bang people's heads in.
My invention.
Yeah, maybe we put a pin in the bang bang
peacefully asked for some change change?
What am I saying?
They put chips in your heads.
For a second, you sounded like Spookler.
Ha ha, yeah.
Well, where is Spookler?
Oh my God.
Spookler's out there waiting to hear both sides of the issue.
Meanwhile, we're going to take out the take-ees.
Oh, jeez.
I don't know.
We got that old kid's party tomorrow.
That's brilliant, General.
Attack during the party.
Not quite what I was pitching.
Those take-ees are going to regret the day they messed with you.
We got a hand thing now?
For the resistance.
This feels too long for a secret handshake.
Consolatio!
The crew is so proud of you, Jimmy.
You've really taken your grossly shortened lifespan in stride.
I couldn't think of two better parents to die before.
Aw, get over here, you guys.
Hey, my hair.
I'll just put gel in.
Oh, jeez.
Father, we've got to delay the ceremony.
Something bad is going to happen.
I sure hope so.
Great idea to stick pins in the bang-bangs.
People of Plosif, tonight, young James Jamerson ascends to manhood.
Hell yeah, could have been a man.
Rick, we really gotta go now.
Don't ruin this for these people.
Party people!
Let's hit those cellices!
We love it, son.
Proud of you!
All right, Father, give me the light.
I'll take it from here.
How about you take this, and you're taking it now?
What's going on?
Oh, going off script, Padre.
Party's over, tankies!
Why isn't she good-blind?
It's not working.
Fresh planet!
Fresh start!
Bang-bang!
Wait! You can't attack them.
They're helpless.
They don't even know that food comes from somewhere.
Oh, no!
I'm going to get you!
Ah!
We gotta get this someplace safe, like the vault.
Give me that.
You got it, boss.
My man!
Morty, change your plans.
Take me to the vault!
Now!
Please don't hurt our boy.
Just do what he says.
But if this deranged janitor kidnaps me
and steals everything from this vault,
just know you two are great parents.
Really unreasonably trusting.
Maybe too trusting.
Honey, what are you talking about?
Open that safe for your worm food!
Greetings, Doug, Jenny Merson.
Thank you for being rich.
Jesus, Morty!
Doug and Karen's only crime is naively benefiting
from systemic inequity.
Just grab the loot, you big baby!
Interesting.
Wait, what?
You gotta be kidding me!
They robbed us!
The rich kid and the janitor
put aside their differences to fuck us over!
Let's find out.
Hold on a second!
We can explain!
Where's our money?
We told you, we don't know!
You manipulated a working class
to rise against a ruling class.
I was right, Chajako.
You are funny.
But not in the ha-ha way, in the bad way.
Like, is my dog sitting like that
because he's watching TV with us?
Or is he expressing his anal glands funny?
Oof, long walk.
Under the laws of space,
I sent you this letter.
I'm not a man.
I'm a man.
Under the laws of space,
I sentenced you to death.
Wait!
Jimmy couldn't have done this.
I opened the safe and it was empty.
Sorry, Doug.
We checked the vault's log
and the last person to access it was, in fact, Jimmy Jamerson.
That's not possible.
Jimmy Jamerson is dead.
I don't understand.
Karen, let me make this as gentle as I can.
We're aliens.
Come on, let's go see your dead son's bones.
Bones!
Oh, shit.
Monkey bones.
Was Jimmy a monkey?
Lizzie!
No!
I thought you escaped.
What the hell is going on?
I'm a zoologist.
Not you!
Jimmy!
And, apparently, Guffy Chachaco.
They thought I was that guy?
These two hacked the vault 30 minutes after you all started hypersleep.
So Jimmy's still alive?
Fuck him.
Where the hell is our money?
They bought a yacht.
It's on Blackjack 9.
They weren't very discreet.
Why would they be?
They thought you'd be asleep for the next 200 years.
Little asshole.
When you woke up, we thought Jimmy'd grown into a thoughtful, kind man.
We were so happy.
This guy?
They were nice, so I was nice back.
Try it sometime, Morty.
It's sorry to be the money guy,
but our cash is on a casino planet and we're all just standing here?
Wait, wait!
All that money did is tear you apart from your friends, your neighbors, even your old home.
But now you can go to a whole new world as equals.
A place where you can live sort of a bitch.
They're already gone.
Damn it.
I was about to tie it all together.
Space race, Morty.
Let's go!
Gonna pay off med school, baby.
Guff!
Time of death is now!
Hey!
They're gonna kill each other for that money, Rick.
Well, why didn't we take your car?
Constellatio gift from a rich uncle.
Be rude not to take it.
Ha ha!
I never believed in God!
I do believe in God!
Chachaco, when I met you, you were scooping hot steamers out of a pipe.
So I saved you.
Now blow some working class luck on these dice, amigo.
Jimmy!
All the money goes to the 11 year old and his best friend.
Hey, turn up the TV.
A massive space race is underway, apparently chasing down a large fortune of stolen money.
Glyzop is live with the story.
Glyzop?
Tim, I'm here at the scene where I'm gonna be rich!
I quit!
Snap!
Wish you didn't do that.
Those mics are expensive.
In any case, here's a picture of the suspected thieves.
Oh, man!
Oh, God!
Oh, farts!
My dumb parents!
Punch it, Chachaco!
Blow it up the hyper-cold!
Huh?
Hey, I gotta pay for those!
And soon I can!
Son of a bitch!
You're a terrible doctor!
Tell that to my money!
I will!
Eat my pennies, kiss my pennies, give a little miss my pennies.
If you have a penny, then I'll have you.
That money can't bring back Lizzie,
but it can buy another monkey that I will also name Lizzie!
My mouth is full of pennies, pennies, say it once again.
Thank you, new Lizzie.
Tinkly pennies, sweaty pennies, throw them like confetti pennies.
A hundred, but what dollar is in touch is iron.
I'm driving the ship!
I'm finally driving the ship!
Okay, think he found a shortcut?
Nope, he's just nuts.
My favorite part of the job, escalating situations.
Hey, the race hasn't started yet!
Had a fun to leave that race behind.
Thought we'd end up winning it by accident.
Oh, chicken coop, Lester!
It's all coops, follow all coops!
Why would you roll the windows down?
I wanted the full experience!
Pennies, pennies, shiny pennies, have them all for money pennies.
Melt me down for pennies.
You have the right to remain poor!
You have the right to shut up!
Rick, there's too many of them!
Smoke them if you gotta!
You think I want music in a pocket full of snacks?
Oh man, they're on our ass!
Dirt for pennies.
Why is this old dude wearing my constellation suit?
You don't deserve carrot and dog!
Eat a dick!
Blue collar guys always have an arm.
Oh, I'm gonna be so grounded!
We prepared for this, Jimmy.
Kiss the back of my head.
You little brat!
You can't hit me, I'm a kid!
I can't hit you, you're old!
Back!
I'd hold on to something, Rick.
You wouldn't.
I can raise you!
Leave it, Gutsy!
We'll steal more!
God damn it!
We were right there!
These people will never stop killing each other for this dumb shit!
It's over, Rick.
Rick.
Chachago, you funny bastard.
Ola wealth.
It's gone.
Ass screw it, I've come this far.
What's that lunatic doing?
Taking our money!
I made it way worse.
Jimmy!
You're in big trouble, Mr. Earth!
How could you rob your own parents?
I'm sorry.
I thought it'd be fun if you guys woke up and thought I turned into a monkey.
In 200 years?
You're a piece of shit.
You are a piece of shit.
Stay out of this, fake son!
Jimmy, you're a fuck up.
But we always threw cash at the problem.
Now that we just have these gold bars,
we'll have to throw ourselves.
Dad, I owe money to some bad people.
I set the navigation to a nearby inhabitable planet.
Also gave everyone a compliance chip.
You can finally get that fresh start.
We'll be fine as long as these poor idiot sto-
Not so fun, is it, you take?
And if you remove those chips, you will die.
Thanks, Rick, right?
Yeah, sorry for pretending to be a deformed version of your dead son and try to rob you.
That's pretty messed up in hindsight.
It's messed up in any sight.
Rick, in only two days, you were a better son than Jimmy ever was.
I can hear you!
Shut up, Jimmy!
Yeah, shit, you're fucking mad!
Losing all our money to pay off your goddamn loan sharks, you suck, Jimmy!
I wish you were never born!
Well, the treasure is gone, and there were massive casualties on both sides.
Still, I think we did good, right?
Rick, you okay?
Guess it's true.
You can choose your friends, but you can't choose your family.
But I am family, and you did choose me.
Yeah, it's a stupid quote.
Cryorship detected. Class, medical.
They typically have some pretty good drugs in those.
Okay, but five minutes tops, and you can't hug all the drugs this time.
So!
Five billion to call.
New Lizzie?
Think about this.
That's all our money.
We were gonna start a new life.
Waaah! Waaah! Waaah!
Oh, Jesus, you dumb fucking monkey!
Three of a kind to the lizard man.
And a full house for the monkey!
New Lizzie!
Holy fuck, I always knew you could do it!
God, I love you!
It stays like these that remind me why I got into this.
IN THE END!
Did you get any of that?